SRVCLI-317: Docs for kn container (#37594)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-kn-container.adoc

[id="serverless-kn-container_{context}"]
= Knative client multi-container support

> You can use the `kn container add` command to print YAML container spec to standard output. This command is useful for multi-container use cases because it can be used along with other standard `kn` flags to create definitions. The `kn container add` command accepts all container-related flags that are supported for use with the `kn service create` command. The `kn container add` command can also be chained through Unix pipe symbols (`|`) to create multiple containers at once.

Reviewer: Here just minor wording suggestion.

```suggestion
You can use the `kn container add` command to print YAML container spec to standard output. This command is useful for multi-container use cases because it can be used along with other standard `kn` flags to create definitions. The `kn container add` command accepts all container-related flags that are supported for use with the `kn service create` command. The `kn container add` command can also be chained through Unix pipes (`|`) to create multiple containers definitions at once.
```

> You can use the `kn container add` command to print YAML container spec to standard output. This command is useful for multi-container use cases because it can be used along with other standard `kn` flags to create definitions. The `kn container add` command accepts all container-related flags that are supported for use with the `kn service create` command. The `kn container add` command can also be chained through Unix pipes (`|`) to create multiple container definitions at once.

Reviewer 2: > This command is useful for multi-container use cases because it can be used along with other standard `kn` flags to create definitions. 

Nit: Would s/deployments/'use cases' work here? 

I am trying to think of a minimalist and i10n way to avoid _use_ here, since the _useful_ and _can be used_ are essential. If we switch _can be used,_ to active voice, I think the meaning starts to drift: "You can use this command along with other standard `kn` flags to create definitions for multi-container deployments." WDYT?
That said, I don't find your usage confusing.

Author: I am going to leave this as is for now. I think changing it from "use cases" would change the meaning too much - deployment has a whole other meaning that IMO doesn't apply here.

> You can use the `kn container add` command to print YAML container spec to standard output. This command is useful for multi-container use cases because it can be used along with other standard `kn` flags to create definitions. The `kn container add` command accepts all container-related flags that are supported for use with the `kn service create` command. The `kn container add` command can also be chained through Unix pipes (`|`) to create multiple container definitions at once.

Reviewer 2: > be chained through Unix pipes

be chained _by using UNIX_ pipes

- ISG says not to use to mean _by using_.
- ISG and SSG list UNIX as the correct usage.

Author: Updated, thanks!

.Example commands

* Add a container from an image and print it to standard output:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn container add <container_name> --image <image_uri>
----
+
.Example command
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn container add sidecar --image docker.io/example/sidecar
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
containers:
- image: docker.io/example/sidecar
  name: sidecar
  resources: {}
----

> * Chain two `kn container add` commands together, then pass them to a `kn service create` command, to create a Knative service with two containers:

Reviewer 2: > together, then pass them

"together, and then pass them"

ISG recommends using "Do this, and then do that" (preferred) or "Do this; then do that." Does it make sense to move the infinitive clause to the beginning of the sentence?

Reviewer 2: If you decide to leave the infinitive clause at the end, I think you can cut the last comma.

Author: Updated, thanks!

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn container add <first_container_name> --image <image_uri> | \
kn container add <second_container_name> --image <image_uri> | \

> kn service create <service_name> --image <image_uri> --extra-containers -

Reviewer 3: Optional: you could use a callout (`<1>`) here to highlight the `--extra-containers -` flag in the command

Author: I thought about this, but it made the formatting look really odd so I reverted back 🙂

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I thought that might be the case :slightly_smiling_face: . Makes sense!

----
+
`--extra-containers -` specifies a special case where `kn` reads the pipe input instead of a YAML file.
+
.Example command
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn container add sidecar --image docker.io/example/sidecar:first | \
kn container add second --image docker.io/example/sidecar:second | \

> kn service create my-service --image docker.io/example/my-app:latest --extra-containers -

Reviewer 3: Same optional callout use-case here too

Author: See above comment, will leave as is for now
